welcome to sam's business growth show
i'm sam dunning a digital marketing
sales and business growth evangelist
tune in and subscribe today as i'll be
interviewing business leaders experts
and entrepreneurs from around the globe
you'll be learning their story how
digital marketing has helped them along
the way and exclusive tips insights to
help you skyrocket your own business
[Music]
and welcome back to a fresh episode of
sam's business growth show i'm excited
to be joined by jack kozikowski today
jack is the ceo of the us division of
creation agency his marketing agency
works with some of the fastest growing
software as a service companies to help
them build brand drive demand at scale
using social media as a competitive
advantage jack was one of the early
adopters and practitioners of social
selling and has been featured in some of
the top publications including tony
robbins harvard business review forbes
inc mit many more jack a warm welcome
squad how you doing thanks for having me
man i'm excited to be here
cool man looking forward to it so the
topic of discussion for today is the man
jen is the man generation really worth
it or is it another one of those
buzzwords so we're gonna be talking
about exactly what demand generation
actually means how we can harness it
actual strategies for for sales reps
business owners alike and diving into
that in some detail before we get into
that jack please give us a quick
snapshot of your good self um what jack
kozakowski is all about um before we
dive into the topic please
yeah man so um i currently run the us
division of creation agency uh we're a
global
marketing uh and demand agency that
works with some of the fastest growing
tech companies so our goal is to help
them drive
more demand and build brand and help
them drive more demand across their
sales and marketing teams to figure out
you know how do they drive more mqls
that turn into sqls that turn into
revenue so we're kind of the strategy
and the implementation behind that
good on you man all right well let's get
straight into it demand generation i
know in my head i've got an idea of what
i think it means
but it's it's tough to say i mean i see
a lot of stuff on linkedin i see a lot
of stuff social online offline talking
about demand gen but sometimes it seems
a little generic sometimes people seem
to think it blurs into one as part of
the marketing process or perhaps as part
of the digital marketing process so i'd
love to hear first and foremost jack
what what you feel demand generation
really stands for and what it means
you know i i don't even know what the
formal
definition of but i just think of demand
generation is how do you drive
more people
how do you get more eyeballs
and buy into your brand across multiple
channels
that over time
convert in a more organic way versus
kind of a forced way which is like the
old way of marketing
with the multi-channel approach that we
have in marketing today is like you have
to be visible on so many different
channels you essentially have to you
know be surrounding your buyers and give
them a little bit of time to get
acquainted with you
through you know word of mouth
uh paid media you know marketing
campaigns whatever that is and then over
time you start to drive demand the right
way so i think of demand generation as
an organic way for somebody to kind of
get acquainted with your brand and then
figure out hey this is somebody that i
want to have a conversation with
so that we can you know actually figure
out if you guys can fix a business
problem versus kind of the forced way of
doing marketing which is
you know kind of out the door right we
don't really have a choice to kind of
force people
to come to come like us anymore we
just we just don't have that option
sure man um and on that note what are
some channels
that we can actually tap into that are
typically used for demand generation
well i think um i think today
you know the old
way of doing business is the same which
is
most companies are looking to drive
people into their own into their email
list right um
this whole like you know i get it like
you know you got the whole like
conversational messaging and all that
stuff like i do think that that's
somewhat of the future but
i don't think the old-fashioned like
email list is going away that's you know
where we see the highest conversions
across all of our clients
and that's never changed it's just how
do you strategically get somebody to
want to like give you their information
to be on your list so that you can kind
of nurture them over time
and you know how do you target those
people with your ads and what's your
strategy around that i mean there's
there's so many it's it's so complicated
but
being one channel there's just so many
channels you have to be
beyond now like in order to properly do
marketing
but everything i think especially from
the b2b side the sas side is how do we
funnel on our marketing channels and
then how do we communicate it with them
from a multi-channel approach moving
forward so that we can drive them into
the ultimate goal which is hey have a
sales conversation with us
sure
and you mentioned something interesting
just just at the start there it's more
of an organic approach
than traditional force kind of marketing
techniques so when when we say that are
we comparing it to perhaps cold calling
or we're comparing it to
paid ads or google ads kind of um more
direct marketing that kind of stuff um
is is that what we mean jack or is it is
it something else
um
so
you know the
you're doing all these different
approaches these days
but i think the organic side of things
is to say hey
we now people now have information their
fingertips which we all know this right
and there's multiple competitors
but it's like who's building the best
digital relationship with them and
there's two sides to that right one is
who's building the best
digital relationship with them on the
brand side but now we've we've crossed
over to on the personal side right so
it's no longer just enough as a sas
company for i'll use that as an example
that you just have a strong brand now
you have to have strong people inside of
the brand that have have a brand that
can touch people on a personal level
from the digital perspective and i think
you know you're going to go over some
numbers that garner just came out with i
think this is a tall tell sign is that
you can no longer just be
do brand marketing there's got to be an
element of brand marketing
and personal marketing inside of your
organization and the employees you have
to have a good balance of that to drive
demand from the marketing side like it's
just
marketing is depending so much more on
the people inside of the brand because
it's just too expensive on the paid
media side to get the results that you
need
just
you know trying to spend money you can't
you can't pay your you can't pay your
way out of this anymore
it just doesn't matter
yeah yeah i mean on on that note just so
i can understand a bit more in my head
and perhaps for people tuning in that
aren't as familiar with demand
generation are we talking about things
like webinars jack which are quite often
you see them um you see the people that
are organizing them and you see also the
guests going to promote them on social
and typically they tend to be more
organic so you can of course sign up for
the webinar put your name maybe your
company maybe your email and then as as
a result of that you'll watch the
webinar maybe you'll get a recording and
then over time you'll get drip fed
various promotional emails from the
sponsors and then you might sign up to
something or book a demo or whatever the
action they want to take is that the
kind of thing we're talking about is a
bit different
yeah i think demand generation is a
little bit different than
traditional
lead generation which is
hey we're we know that we're going to do
this webinar yes we're going to get
people on the email list we know they're
not going to convert right the goal of
this webinar is maybe just to get them
introduced to
the people inside of our brand to kind
of show the value maybe it's a you're
selling a
sales engagement platform and you're
going to talk about prospecting tips and
you're going to have your vp of sales on
there and somebody signs up well you
know you're probably not going to
convert them into
you know you're not going to convert
them into a demo at that point but what
you're doing is kind of getting people
acquainted by using a value first
strategy and using content because you
know that it takes 10 to 17 touches
right before you can even get that
person on the phone or get them to book
a demo or whatever that may be so demand
generation is like the long game
um for companies when it comes to
marketing especially with higher
you know deal sizes or bigger deal sizes
you have to give away a lot of content
just to get people into your list to
kind of nurture them to build that
relationship with them over time
you got it okay man
seo plays a big piece of that so like
one of the
ways that we measure some of our client
success is how many people are actually
googling
a brand right so if you're doing demand
generation right the number of people
that are googling your company that
number should go up right it should help
your seo so you can look on the back end
to see hey is my demand generation
working because not only should your
lead flow go up should your list growth
go up should your website traffic go up
but the number of search terms for your
brand should go up and then should
coincide with that as well
okay so we're saying it's it's
is am i right in saying that it's a
mixture of building brand awareness and
brand positioning
as well as perhaps driving
leads and sales revenue is it all the
above or is it just one one or two
yeah it's it's all the components of
marketing that lead up to somebody
coming into your marketing list
than them going through from an mql to
an sql to closed revenue right demand
generation is all the stuff in the
beginning that gets you to that point
gotcha gotcha that's that's a lot
clearer thanks man and
is it measurable in that in that sense
then is is there really something
tangible where you can say yep this lead
came from our uh our demand gen work or
is it just yeah we think the demand
gen's working so yeah the leads are
coming so we're doing okay
for the most part yeah you should be
able to track everything i mean the
technology's there right if you're using
marketing or you're using um
you know hubspot you're using all your
utm links and you're tracking everything
properly you have um you know dedicated
landing pages for your paid media
campaigns for example
yeah you know on the back end of google
analytics and all of these
marketing platforms now you should be
able to track things pretty
you know pretty accurately uh most
people just don't have the technology in
place though and then there's a lot of
other platforms you know like terminus
um
uh
oh shoot i'm sure i'm having a mind
blank right now but there's you know
multiple other platforms now that you
should be using as well uh to kind of
track the attribution because the
hardest part that we're we're in this
really weird spot right now in marketing
and as an agency we're kind of stuck in
the spot is how do we give attribution
or multi-touches right because if it
takes seven to ten
marketing touches for
somebody to actually convert into a
qualified mql or an sqr whatever that
number is how do you give marketing
attribution and what happens because
they might be touched in on you know so
on facebook then they might get touched
on twitter then they might get touched
in and add to the email list they might
have joined one webinar not done
anything for two months come back and
done another webinar there's so many you
know digital touches in the journey now
the technology is there it's just really
really tough when it comes to the
multi-attribution
yeah and i think that's that's one of
the things isn't it is
sometimes this kind of stuff can't
always be measured to the t because it
could be that you're running a paid ads
campaign let's say for example google
ads but they might have gone through
your google ads they might have clicked
away from the page they might have come
back and then clicked through back onto
your site and you never quite know
exactly what they've done to attribute
that so i do kind of get that note um
but moving this to a more tangible and
actual chat um if a business wants to
get started on demand gen jack and start
generating kind of brand awareness
perhaps they're a fairly new startup
company they want to yeah build a brand
and let more people know about who they
are what they do so their company
becomes a more recognizable name so like
we say over the more touch points they
can eventually start to drive leads and
drive pipeline and revenue what are some
ways that we could get started if we're
perhaps new to business perhaps have a
somewhat limited budget and experience
i mean you just have to create content
right i mean it's uh
you know i mean everybody talks about it
gary v is probably the you know the
famous one right create more content
create more content create more content
so you know what you're doing right now
right i mean i'm sure this costs you
time
probably maybe the license of
stream yard and maybe a few
contractors but
you know overall this strategy that
you're doing right now we're streaming
live and building your network on
linkedin
along with kind of the other things that
you're doing right because this is one
piece of the pie right you're going to
do this live then you're going to go and
you're going to curate this a 100
different ways put it on five more
different channels i mean this is the
new way of of really building brand and
demand now imagine if you could get you
know i don't know how big you guys are
but imagine if you could get you know
five to ten employees doing this and you
could be
figuring out a way a content machine on
how to curate you know five different
podcasts or you know five webinars a
month and turn all that content into
long form content where you're
consistently just adding tons of value
to your prospective uh
icp
you know this is the new way of doing
business i mean there's no way around it
and sales people like gardner said you
know 80 percent of i'm going to re i
want to read the the quote so garner
says 80 of b2b sales interactions
between suppliers and buyers will occur
in digital channels by 2025.
so
you know if i'm in sales today i'm
thinking how do i build my online
reputation to get to the point where
you know i can create content and start
conversation from that content because
that's the new way of marketing and
that's what's what's happening now the
other aspect to that is how can i create
conversation get them into an email list
stay in front of them start to do a
multi-channel approach with paid ads so
that i'm consistently in front of them
adding tons of value and then at some
point i'm going to ask them to do
something right which is to have an
offline conversation or to
you know see the product give their
feedback become a partner whatever that
cta is
you're doing all these touches and at
some point now you've earned the right
to ask them for their time
hmm well i love that we've just
mentioned that jack starting
conversations from content um anyone
that follows myself know that i put out
probably too much content like you say
we put out a podcast as well as a heck
of a lot of linkedin stuff um or the
idea of building brand and i'm not gonna
lie i want to generate leads i want to
grow the businesses um we want to
generate more sales revenue that's
that's the bottom line of it and i'm
sure a lot of businesses in the same
boat um but moving this to companies
that have um have staff have sales reps
should they enable their their reps to
do exactly what we're doing now so live
podcasts live content creation all that
kind of good stuff
or is is this a giant waste of their
time or should they only have a small
amount of day dedicated to actually
creating content and should the rest of
their time be perhaps doing email doing
calls following up with existing clients
where where where is this piece and the
puzzle
you know that's what we're all trying to
figure out right now um
is
how do employees fit into the content
marketing plan for an organization as
you get bigger gets harder and harder
right you have more like legal
you know battles and things of what can
you say what can you not say
but i think
we're getting into a weird spot right
now right i mean sales people are not
hitting quotas
um you know like i said i'm going to
repeat this garner says 80 of b2b sales
interactions between suppliers and
buyers will occur on digital channels so
you're fighting the noise on on on
social media you're fighting the noise
on all you know on email
and at some point
when do you start to support your
employees to say hey we want you to be
the you know we want you to interact and
and be the voice of
be your own voice so that you can give
tons of value to the point where you can
actually earn all these targeted sales
conversations i mean one of the smartest
and i'm not the only one to say this i
know that there's multiple people but we
have multiple clients that use their
podcasts
as a way to
add value to people before
you know and build the relationship
before they actually ask them for the
sale they're sales people doing that and
having tons of success i think that's
the future right maybe it's not
podcasting but it's something it's so
how do we create content with other
people to make them look good to kind of
add value and get to the point where we
can start the relationship and then earn
the right to ask them for something and
just begging people to buy which is the
modern way of selling for sdrs right now
right is like begging people you don't
know
for their time and for their money is
just it's not a good strategy and
there's so many other ways
to go about it it's just how our
company's gonna embrace their employees
from a marketing standpoint right so
that they can actually drive more sales
i think that's the problem is they're
not looking at it they're looking at
their sales people as i just want i need
them selling all the time and i don't
have the answer to that right i'm not
that's not my
area of expertise to fix but i do think
if companies aren't don't figure out how
to get their employees in the mix
it's gonna be they're gonna be overrun
by the ones that do
and in my from my perspective that's the
ideal position really if you can create
content that doesn't necessarily take
that much time to build to put out to
produce and be consistent with on an
almost daily basis and that's generating
sales conversations for you whereby you
don't need to waste more time on the
phone you don't need to do as much cold
outreach because you've got a pipeline
of inbound opportunities steadily coming
through yes you might need to keep the
cold outreach going for a while whilst
that pipeline builds up that's the ideal
ideal scenario right for any sales rep
for any business any organization
yeah a hundred percent i think
i you know i don't know the answer to i
think there's a battle going on um right
now with the whole personal idea of
personal branding with
larger organizations and people trying
to go out on their own and it hasn't
worked out i've been one of them i mean
i was at acton for
four or five years
four years and you know i started to
build a big personal brand there and
lots of people didn't like that right
and that was one of the main reasons i
left and we kind of came over with uh my
business partner now and started this is
you know to have your own voice inside
of a company is
it's a struggle because marketing wants
to control what you say and what you do
and in most times marketing is the
reason that you're not having a lot of
success because they are so disconnected
from
being
personal on a one-to-one basis with all
the people that you need to get into
your pipeline
um
and they're not you know they're not
supporting salespeople they're actually
hurting them by some of the stuff
they're putting out that's uh you know
that's the battle
yes it's always a tough one we had
justin michael on on the show um a few
weeks back and we were talking about
cold email and he said the best way to
deal with your marketing team is to ask
forgiveness later so uh just do what you
want and then when you get the leads
from it just just say sorry guys but i
actually worked which i i kind of agree
with if you've got those strict strict
things in marketing and saying basically
don't do this if it gets results then
why is it an issue that's my perspective
anyway um anyway back to that stat so
yeah like you say saying eight percent
of b2b sales interactions are gonna move
digital um supplies and buyers by 2025.
do you think that's that's on point jack
or do you think it's gonna be a bit
sooner a bit later or um
i think it's already happening
um
you know it's
this is this is it like
how do you
the the problem with the world today is
that technology has saturated the market
so like there's you know 100
technologies to do this to fix this one
problem
and so you know to
and most of the
executives that you're reaching out to
they're they're getting smarter with how
they buy so they're buying in groups
which we all know um but they're doing
tons more research and
they're not just reaching out and
booking a demo to book a demo right like
it used to be like hey i just want to
see what's out there
we're way past that point now it's hey i
have a business problem okay i'm gonna
go do my research i'm gonna go to g2 i'm
gonna go to
capterra and then i'm going to narrow
this down to three
vendors and i'm gonna reach out to them
you're no longer getting to be people
the way you used to and i mean we're
seeing this with all of our clients
you're no longer getting to people
without having a good brand and being
the one of the three to five choices
that they've narrowed down to before
they start the demo process so you have
to do all of your due diligence to get
in front of people six months to a year
before they even know they're ready to
buy your product so that they're at
least understand who you are what you do
and that you'll put yourself into the
buying decision process because that's
where a lot of companies are going wrong
is
they're coming in
and just sending cold emails they're
doing all the things
wrong that other companies are doing
right and they're not even getting in
the decision-making process so that's
where we're helping our clients is to
say hey let's get you in six months
before let's get you a year into the in
front of these people
because you've got a lot of work to do
before they even know that they want
your product and when they get to that
decision-making time you have to be
there you have to be in the conversation
you'll be too late if you
you know come in
right when they're starting to to make
those decisions and the other thing is
if you don't have the the reputation
online you're already dead in the first
place and that's why so many people are
investing in g2 and all these other
yeah yeah yes it's an interesting i mean
we see a lot as well that all those
channels come into play whether it's
they found you through seo through that
google search or a paid ad or whether
they've signed up to a webinar seen on
social media all those pay pay effect
defining you and then like you say
buyers are going to do their research
whether it's some kind of review site
they're going to check you out make sure
you're credible make sure you've got the
testimonials make sure you've got the
reviews and all that good stuff and then
they'll reach out to you so like you
said they've done a heck of a lot of
research before they get to the point of
actually getting in touch booking that
demo um and if yeah if you're not if
you're not investing in the digital
channels you're essentially missing out
i guess and is what you're saying there
jack if you if you're sticking to
traditional methods like email sequences
cold outreach cold calling are you
missing out on that because by the time
you get in touch with them they've
probably already too far along their
buying journey
yeah i know and in some cases you pissed
them off because you've over
communicated with them
you've only begged them and asked it for
their time and money you've never given
enough
true
uh
you know you haven't done any kind of
digital relationship building you
haven't you know fed them content that
made them better at their job or made
them better personally and
professionally you haven't done anything
to for them to say hey
you know you deserve to be in this
process
the only way you you're going to
automatically be in is to be one of the
top three
you know technologies in your space
right if you already have a big brand
you already have the big name you're
probably gonna and you already have all
the you know the reviews great you're
working for a company like salesforce
for example that you probably yeah
you're probably not gonna have to work
as hard but when you're in these small
tiny startups or you're in a you know a
growing sas company that's going from
100 customers to to a thousand
you're still at the bottom of the ring
that no most people that don't know who
you are you're not in the top three to
top five you're automatically out if you
haven't started to put yourself out
there in front of them feed them
information feed them content that kind
of helps them to understand what you do
why they need you what you know maybe
even identify a business problem that
they have and you haven't done that for
the first six months leading up to the
point where they're like hey we need to
buy this solution like you're dead
you're not going to get in it's just the
way it is and the data shows that
yeah and i think think i agree with you
there man um especially with what we
were discussing off there with social
platforms in the b2b space like linkedin
having killed the organic reach i was
just moaning to you before we hit record
that all my videos have been almost
killed to the death and um views are
just massively massively down and
personally i think they're going to go
to a pay-to-play platform very very soon
oh yeah it's it's the model of facebook
right it's uh let's get a bunch of
people on here let's get them all fired
up and
and then yeah and then uh
let's pull back
let's pull back everything that we gave
to him for free and let's try it
and this is this is where
you know it gets kind of demoralizing
right i mean
we have brands that have spent a lot of
time on twitter right and then
you know twitter is getting really tough
it used to be a great
for brand you know driving traffic to
having conversations brand awareness i
think twitter is really only good for
you know delivering content now it's not
what it used to be from a marketing
perspective then you have um facebook
which is almost impossible you have to
pay to play on facebook now right you
take it away organic reach linkedin's
next now we'll have new platforms that
will pop up
um you know like tick tock where they
give you a million views on everything
which
you know if you're a b2b i'm not even
suggesting you should be there but
you know there are
that that's the new platform that gives
you free views and they'll pull that
back and
you know then there'll be a new one so
it's kind of just keeping up with the
times understanding where you should be
being smart about it that's why
it's so important for your
employ you to start to think about the
employee engagement strategy on how do
you get your your employees involved
because
they're going to pull back the reach
from a brand perspective
and you need your employees because you
need more region spread
without having to pay for it because
it's too expensive now you can't you
know companies can't afford it
opportunity costs are
just a you know on linkedin we have some
clients that are paying 300 400 just to
create an opportunity
which you know if which is a lot of
money right or to create an sql which
you know in sql
you know how many do you close right i
guess that's the question but it's
sure it's expensive the keywords are
like
buying a lamborghini now for for
companies for sales
i mean there's no doubt that linkedin
adds a price here and i i wouldn't be
too surprised if they soon put a fee on
boosting your own post just like
facebook so like we're saying that the
organic post reach it used to be awesome
so it used to be almost too good you
could put out a linkedin post easily get
like 50k plus views and perhaps get a
couple leads from that post itself
obviously now that's been hammered and
like we said the video reach has gone
down so on that note what do you think
the the future of social selling is
going to look like jack is it just a
case of we need to be wary of
where our ideal customers are sitting on
and just get on those platforms as quick
as we can and start producing decent
content we know that that's going to
resonate with them to their questions
and solve their problems or is it a case
that we're gonna have to pay to play on
a few of them and even things out or
what are your thoughts on that
so i used to practice what i preach on
this and i started to suck on that
because
you know what you start to build a
company your priorities
go other places but
i still you know i believe that you have
to be creating content and you have to
be curating it i mean it's all about
curation now right it's like you make
one 30-minute podcast how many pieces of
content can you put out and you're less
worried about
having thousand views you're more
worried about having the right views
right rather a hundred views
with people that i could potentially do
business with in the future
than have a thousand views because the
thing about linkedin is i've had posts
that have had a million
views but how many sales conversations
have they driven how much you know
so
you if you wanna there's tons of ways
you can get something to do to go viral
if that's what your your goal is but how
do you get somebody to actually take
action that's where sales people are
struggling right it's like right now on
linkedin they're getting real excited
about
likes and comments and but it's a bunch
of people that can't buy right i mean
there's a big problem going on linkedin
right now is like
sales trainers and
you know sales enable the same people
are commenting on each other's posts
well that's great it looks good it
probably makes you feel good for a
couple seconds but that's not actually
going to drive demand to your business
and i think that's where we have to talk
to clients to say listen it's not about
gaming the system
right i mean you can go to lempod right
now limpod.com and you can buy likes
like a lot of sales a lot of these gurus
that you see on linkedin that's what
they're doing right they're buying likes
um they're in pods so they're gaming the
system they've got it figured out but
how much business is it driving for
these people right that's the real
question
you know most of them will lie to you
but
you can't just spend your time on
linkedin
wanting thousands of views and thousands
of connections you got to really get
strategic especially on the brand side
and if you're in sales you can't waste
your time
worry about likes and comments you got
to think about how am i
you know how am i building a
targeted network and how is that going
to help me
eventually hit quota and
drive revenue for my company i couldn't
agree more i mean that's that's what
it's about isn't it there's um i'm with
you i mean all these pods in the like
absolute bs i mean i made the mistake
maybe a couple years years ago when i
was just trying to create content
everyone liked and then i realized if i
could hone into what we actually do so
web choice digital marketing help
businesses get more clients so i could
gear it towards the problems we solve
the conversations we're having questions
i commonly get answered
yes i might get less views but the
people that get in touch with me
actually want help i'm not just trying
to
put out content that appeals to everyone
because i couldn't care about everyone i
want to help this might sound a bit
selfish but ultimately as a business
owner as a sales professional you want
to drive leads you want to drive
pipeline you want to get get more
commissions um so put out content that's
relevant to what you're doing that's
helpful for people and you're going to
see a lot more
and you see too many people putting out
they're just bullshitting the linkedin
algorithm telling you some stupid story
i call it grow a tree
the stuff is just garbage and it's it's
sad that that's
where we're at on linkedin i think
that's gonna be the demise of linkedin
you know there's a lot of
you know that's the pushback with a lo
that i get from a lot of true executives
on linkedin is you know there's a bunch
of people on there that are
telling stories that you know have no
the real they just don't have the real
job experience that people can't take
them serious so you do have to start to
get really you have to be more strategic
on linkedin put out less content put out
more quality content put out targeted
content and really think through the
value of the content you're putting out
don't just put it out to get likes and
shares and comments because you know you
can copy and paste
you're seeing it people are copying and
pasting the same stories changing things
up a little bit just to get viral and
it's just it's not a good strategy it's
not gonna you're not gonna win on
linkedin long term doing that
agreed jack look it's been a pleasure
man um do you want to ask you if you
could recommend or pick just one digital
channel of choice
to grow a business from what would be
your channel of choice
i would grow my email list
um you know obviously you have to do
other channels you know i personally
it depends but
you know i'm gonna be on a popular
opinion right now i love facebook
on a personal level i drive a lot of
business through facebook um
i know right now probably is not the
best time
because of the political stuff but
you know i've
linkedin you know has always been great
to me but um facebook is even even
better for regenerating new business
fair play man if that works for you
that's the one well jack thanks once
again for coming on um
please do tell us a bit more about how
people can learn from you how people can
connect with yourself anything you'd
like to promote and the best way to get
in touch
yeah so um
you can connect me on linkedin um
i'd love to uh you know hear from you if
you have questions or whatever
um about your demand generation you know
strategy always down to jump on a call
and uh yeah you can check out my site
jack kosikowski.com and
workcreationagency.com
nice one jack thanks very much dude
thank you
and if you enjoyed the show be sure to
search sam's business growth show on
your podcast channel of choice we
interviewed two business leaders each
and every week to find out their
actionable tips to grow your business
grow your sales and make best use of
digital marketing thanks very much for
tuning in are you tired of constantly
hunting for new customers
you could be missing out on regular
inbound opportunities all because your
website isn't on the first page of
google
perhaps you're already spending lots of
money on advertising but your website is
failing to convert all of your
hard-earned visitors into a consistent
flow of new customers
if you'd like to learn more about our
unusual approach that brings idle
clients straight to you
connect with sam dunning on linkedin
or book a free 20-minute consultation by
webchoiceuk.com
that's webchoiceuk.com
subscribe today for more digital
marketing sales and business growth tips
from the experts